README.md, before:

###Chekhov makes actor/message concurrency in Rust easy.

Chekhov is a concurrency framework for Rust focused on simplicity and ease of
use. Using Chekhov, you can briskly create __actors__ which communicate by
message-passing and require little more syntax than writing normal, sequential
functions. Chekhov uses a set of macros to create objects and handle thread
safety, so you don't have to.

I wrote Chekhov this afternoon/evening; right now it is highly unstable, not yet
feature complete, not necessarily optimized, and probably brittle in several
ways. __Pull requests welcome,__ especially those that address these things or
make Chekhov's naming scheme into more goofy acting jargon.

Documentation forthcoming soon. For now here's a simple multi-threaded echo
program written using Chekhov:
```
#![feature(core)]

#[macro_use(actor, feeder)]
extern crate chekhov;

use chekhov::*;

feeder!{ Input(next: Actor<String>) -> {
    let mut echo = String::new();
    if std::io::stdin().read_line(&mut echo).is_ok() {
        next.cue(echo);
    }
}}

actor!{ Output() -> |String: echo| {
    print!("{}", echo);
}}

fn main() {
    let output = Output::new();
    let input = Input::new(output.stage());
    from_the_top(vec![input, output]);
}
```

### Licensing

Chekhov is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License, version 3.0 or
higher, at your choice.

Commit message:

Added Rust version information to README.md

README.md, after:

###Chekhov makes actor/message concurrency in Rust easy.

Chekhov is a concurrency framework for Rust focused on simplicity and ease of
use. Using Chekhov, you can briskly create __actors__ which communicate by
message-passing and require little more syntax than writing normal, sequential
functions. Chekhov uses a set of macros to create objects and handle thread
safety, so you don't have to.

I wrote Chekhov this afternoon/evening; right now it is highly unstable, not yet
feature complete, not necessarily optimized, and probably brittle in several
ways. __Pull requests welcome,__ especially those that address these things or
make Chekhov's naming scheme into more goofy acting jargon.

Documentation forthcoming soon. For now here's a simple multi-threaded echo
program written using Chekhov:
```
#![feature(core)]

#[macro_use(actor, feeder)]
extern crate chekhov;

use chekhov::*;

feeder!{ Input(next: Actor<String>) -> {
    let mut echo = String::new();
    if std::io::stdin().read_line(&mut echo).is_ok() {
        next.cue(echo);
    }
}}

actor!{ Output() -> |String: echo| {
    print!("{}", echo);
}}

fn main() {
    let output = Output::new();
    let input = Input::new(output.stage());
    from_the_top(vec![input, output]);
}
```

### Rust version compatibility

Sadly, Chekhov is dependent on the unstable feature FnBox, so it is currently 
only compatibile with the nightly track of Rust. Chekhov uses no other unstable
features and should be compatible with the first stable branch that includes
FnBox.

If you know a way to perform a function application on a new thread without
using FnBox or any other unstable features, please let me know. :-)

### Licensing

Chekhov is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License, version 3.0 or
higher, at your choice.
